# INPC v BIG TECH class-action defamation lawsuit Milestone 2: Filing #Day1

## Description

We're suing BIG TECH for defamation by unlawful censorship! Can you help us reach our next milestone? The last milestone completed we drafted the BIG TECH Lawsuit and mailed it to Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. To pass this Milestone I need to make the lawsuit a class action lawsuit by adding Wikipedia to the lawsuit, and move any personal injury claims to the claimant's Declaration in Support of Petition in order to compartmentalize the class member's injuries.

We assert that BIG TECH is defaming us by spreading false and defamatory claims with their Orwellian censorship engine that is spreading nation-wide false accusations of that our class is spreading election and COVID misinformation, and BIG TECH is falsely accusing us of harassment and bullying and hateful conduct for criticizing BLM and Critical Race and Gender Theories and for promoting so-called conspiracy theories that have since been proven true. Mark Zuckerberg gave an illegal $419.5 MILLION illegal campaign donation to fund an illegal takeover of County election offices in swing States to do illegal ballot harvesting using illegal ballot mules paid illegally by 503(c)(4) non-profits bared from election engineering, as can be witnessed in the movie 2000 Mules. BIG TECH is gas lighting us by spreading claims that the Zuckerboxes and election engineering didn't happen, which is an abuse tactic that makes you eligible for monitory compensation for the tort damages. Wikipedia has defamed our class by edit locking articles that defames our class as far-right, conspiracy theorists, lunatics, white nationalist extremists, etc. When users post to Wikipedia, that is protected speech under Section 230, but the Wikipedia article is the Gestalt article (i.e. the whole, or sum of all of the parts) consists of multiple user contributions, each protected under Section 230, but when Wikipedia edit blocks a Wiki article to prevent users from removing false and defamatory claims that our class is far-right, white nationalist, etc, then Wikipedia has REPOSTED the false and defamatory claims. Wikipedia owns the copyright to the Gestalt article (i.e. the whole article) and thus they REPOSTED THEIR COPYRIGHTED WORK that contained false and defamatory claims and Wikipedia had a responsibility to remove all far-right, conspiracy theorist, white nationalist, etc defamation, but they did not because they operate out of Silicon Valley where they are anti-white racist and hate conservatives and anyone against the LGBTQ or critical race and gender theory, and we have all of those videos of Twitter employees admitting it thanks to Project Veritas. We assert that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 provides some protections under the 14th Amendment to racist white people.

Section 201(a) of the CRA1964 states "All persons shall be entitled to the full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, and privileges, advantages, and accommodations of any place of public accommodation, as defined in this section, without discrimination or segregation on the ground of race, color, religion, or national origin", and in particular you cannot deny them access to "place of exhibition or entertainment". In this context, it means you cannot deny public accommodations because of racism. A race can be defined as "A group of people united or classified together on the basis of common history, nationality, or geographic distribution." Race white people share a common history and nationality, as well as geographic distribution in the South. Under the 14th Amendment you must give equal protection under the law, and thus if you are to ban discrimination for public accommodations for racism, then you cannot discriminate against someone because they are a white racist because functionally you're discriminating against them because they're white and you hate people like them and wish to ostracize their race.

You can contribute to and read the INPC v BIG TECh lawsuit on GitHub at

https://github.com/FreedomGovernment/INPCvBigTech

You can make a donation to our lawsuit campaign at

https://cookingwithcale.org/donate
