My name is Cale McCollough. I run an indie news and political commentary channel called RSS Commentary on YouTube, Rumble, and Facebook. I'm leading the INDIE NEWS AND POLITICAL COMMENTARY vs BIG TECH class-action defamation lawsuit. I am raising funds to hire an attorney. I have the lawsuit drafted up with one more revision needed before filling. I sent BIG TECH a lawsuit demand already. I need to file the lawsuit, which I can do for free, and I need to serve the lawsuit. My goal is to raise at least enough money to serve the lawsuit. I can file it for free because I'm on food stamps.

Section 230 grants BIG TECH tort lawsuit immunity for content that was spoken by an Information Content Provider. Section 230 does not give BIG TECH the right to make or spread false and defamatory claims, to bar class-action lawsuits against Interactive Computer Services (ICS) for the speech and actions of the ICS, nor does it give BIG TECH the right to engage in election engineering.

The US Constitution mandates that the State Legislatures decide who the POTUS is, not BIG TECH. BIG TECH is a virtual corporate town inhabited by BILLIONS of US and global citizens. BIG TECH is governed under corporate town laws. BIG TECH has been using nefarious advanced AI technologies, hereby referred to as Nefarious Bots, to do psychological and behavioral modification on the US public without their knowledge to make us cash cows for the advertisers, who are often Chinese Communist Party companies and politicians in election season. The censorship campaign was an effort by BIG TECH to prevent Trump from breaking up BIG TECH and reforming Section 230 by creating a false perception of Republican popularity by defaming us as dangerous content using the Nefarious Bots.

BIG TECH engaged in a Shadow Campaign, from the Times article "The Secret History of the Shadow Campaign That Saved the 2020 Election", to fortify Biden and Suppress Trump to engineer the outcome of the 2020 election to ensure Trump would lose to prevent Trump from reforming Section 230 or breaking up BIG TECH. BIG TECH using the Nefarious Bots to spread false and defamatory claims that we are spreading dangerous misinformation, that we engage in hate speech, and that we are harassing and bullying people by us criticizing Democrats. BIG TECH intentionally created an artificial perception of the unpopularity of INDIE NEWS AND POLITICAL COMMENTARY with the Nefarious Bots that went around defaming us while they were not supervised. BIG TECH did not give adequate appeals so that content creators (i.e information content providers or ICP under Section 230) could input human-understandable responses. YouTube would only give you 800 characters in your appeal and they would not tell you what it was that you did, leaving the ICP to infer what you did and causing the ICP to appeal to the wrong claim, which rendered the bot unsupervised. Google supervised vs unsupervised machine learning for details.

Today I woke up to one of my videos on YouTube being censored for talking about the 2020 Election engineering fraud committed by the Shadow Campaign and Mark Zuckerberg's $419.5 million donations to do a private takeover of County election offices in swing States so he could rig the vote with ballot harvesting with use Mark's insider Facebook information.

By now you probably know all about the Russiagate Hoax, how Hillary Clinton invented the story of Trump being a Russian asset to spy on Trump Tower and the White House. Obama and Biden were in on it. There was the convicted of the Deep State FBI attorney Kevin Clinesmith. There is also the inditement of Michael Sussman by John Druham. Crooked Hillary Rotten Clinton is a criminal who has a Deep State crime syndicate.

What you almost certainly haven't heard about is that Kamala Harris used to be the Attorney General of California before she got into the Senate and she sat on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, AKA the Russiagate committee. Kamala Harris buddy Xavier Becerra, then Attorney General of California, sent a letter on October 19 of 2020 to the heads of YouTube, Twitter, and Google demanding that they censor Republicans talking about election fraud citing the Russiagate hoax that his butty Kamala was part of. In the letter, Xavier threatens to use the full force of the State to CRACKDOWN on BIG TECH if they don't censor Republicans. They said the Russians were engaging in election interference, it was an emergency, so BIG TECH has to interfere with the elections on the behalf of the State. This is clearly not legal but no one had a good argument to get us into Court.

There are more acts of defamation against us, such us BIG TECH censoring us for talking about the Democrats using open borders to pack the US electorate to engineer election outcomes. BIG TECH made an extremely large volume of false claims that we were bullying and harassing people and saying hate speech or they would mark our indie news and political commentary as spam if they couldn't find any other reason. BIG TECH doesn't have right to make false claims. They can remove the content for any reason they want, but they have no right to make false claims that could make us lose our jobs if bosses find out we're engaging in hate speech, harassment, and bullying. Really we were getting harassed and bullied and they were engaging in rampant hate speech against white rural Americans who they claim are white nationalist inbreed hicks. BIG TECH is mostly in Silicon Valley where they vote 90% for Democrats and the tech companies are controlled by foreigners who love to abuse their power putting the white people in line. They control us now and we're not allowed to criticize them because they're too powerful.

I would like to make the argument that BIG TECH is a virtual corporate town, but I feel like that is a weak argument. We need a full-time attorney and that will cost $20,000 minimum. We could get away with only one attorney and if we knock the ball out of the park we will no doubt get more funding later.